Welcome back to Mrs Rundown, in today’s
video I am going to be recapping the events
of The Girl Next Door, a 2004 Comedy/Romance
film.
Spoilers ahead!
You have been warned.
Now like the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoy this video.
Ambitious Westport High School senior, Matthew
Kidman dreams of a career in politics.
He has been accepted to prestigious Georgetown
University, but will only be able to afford
it if he can win a large scholarship.
With graduation approaching, he struggles
to find anything truly memorable about his
high school experience.
However, his luck changes when he meets his
beautiful next-door neighbour Danielle.
The outlandish Danielle and the steady Matthew
each turn out to be the perfect complement
for the other, and they are immediately smitten
with one another.
However, the relationship is challenged when
Matthew discovers through his porn-enthusiast
friend Eli that Danielle was recently an adult
film actress under the stage name "Athena".
Following Eli's advice on how to deal with
this incredible revelation, Matthew takes
Danielle to a sleazy motel.
Danielle guesses that Matthew has discovered
her past and punishes him by performing a
striptease and offering herself to him sexually.
When Matthew becomes distressed and asks why
she is degrading herself for him, Danielle
calls him out on his base intentions and abruptly
ends the relationship.
Matthew goes to Danielle's house the following
day and attempts to reconcile with her, but
learns that she is returning to the porn industry,
and is leaving for Las Vegas with her ex-boyfriend,
porn producer Kelly.
Matthew, riddled with guilt and remorse, follows
Danielle to Las Vegas to find her performing
at an adult film convention, where Kelly menacingly
warns Matthew not to interfere with his business.
When Matthew convinces Danielle not to rejoin
the industry, Kelly abducts Matthew from school
and physically assaults him, saying that Danielle's
failure to arrive on set has cost him $30,000.
Kelly offers to let him erase his debt by
breaking into rival producer Hugo Posh's home
to steal an award statuette, but after Matthew
has entered the house Kelly calls in a robbery
report and leaves the premises.
Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes
to his scholarship award dinner.
High on ecstasy that Kelly told him was aspirin,
he improvises a deeply sentimental speech
but loses out on the scholarship to a student
who resembles nothing so much as the passionless,
pre-Danielle version of Matthew.
Kelly then gets his money back by stealing
$25,000 Matthew raised to bring Samnang, a
brilliant Cambodian student, to study in the
United States.
Not wanting to explain his connections to
the adult film industry, Matthew had previously
introduced Kelly to the bank staff as his
student advisor.
Although Matthew has done nothing wrong, he
still fears that he will face expulsion or
criminal charges for his unwitting role in
the fraud, and he turns to Danielle for help.
Danielle calls in a few friends from her days
as a porn star, and they agree to make a video
for Hugo Posh on prom night and on school
grounds.
After the successful shoot, and after Eli
has been dropped off with the tape's master
copy, Danielle and Matthew make love for the
first time in their limousine.
The next morning Matthew is shocked to find
Kelly, in possession of the tape he has stolen
from Eli's home, with his parents and school
principal at the dining room table.
Kelly asks to speak privately with Matthew
and says that unless he is given half of all
profits, he will play the tape immediately.
Matthew, following Danielle's earlier advice
to just go with it, refuses because the money
rightfully belongs to Samnang.
Kelly repeats his threat, but Matthew stands
up for himself and dares him, stating that
he no longer cares about his now-ruined future.
As the tape begins to play, it becomes clear
that Matthew and his friends have made a progressive,
comprehensive sex education tape rather than
a pornographic film.
With no more cards left to play, Kelly finally
admits defeat.
Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the
video.
Hugo Posh keeps his word and pays for Samnang
to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough
money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle
to DC with him.
The final scene is Matthew driving into Georgetown
University in a BMW Z4.
Matthew's story ends with him getting the
girl of his dreams and a chance at the future
he has always wanted.
Thanks for watching!
Make sure to like the video if you enjoyed
it.
Subscribe to the channel if you want to see
more of these movie summaries.
It really helps the channel out.